Peggy via theatre across the centuries
assassins and Templars wage a hidden war
one side fights for freedom the other
for control the fate of humanity hangs
in the balance and that balance is
shifting welcome to assassin's creed
brotherhood diary
Assassin's Creed is about a grand battle
between Templars and assassins that are
hidden behind the scenes of history the
assassins are a force dedicated to
maintaining and protecting our free will
and that sets them in direct opposition
to the Templars who are all about
control it's a very very interesting
universe where we have many levels of
depth and many angles to explore it's a
totally immersive game where you get to
relive amazing experience in strong
historical context with Assassin's Creed
the fans are very important to us and we
know how many people are out there
waiting for the next installment and are
excited to see what's going to happen so
it's important on the story side that we
deliver new twists new turns and that we
like continue the narrative the way we
had begun Assassin's Creed want us most
of people know was said in the third
Crusades during the 12th century
assassin's creed two was set in the
Renaissance this time around we are
going to focus especially on the city of
Rome itself and on the life of SEO the
second part of his life where he decides
to build a new order which we call the
assassins brotherhood so SEO is
initially just a young guy who finds
herself forced into this world that he
never knew existed he's then exposed to
this war between Templars and assassins
and then struggles and fights to find
his place and things it just so happens
to be sort of at the side of the
assassins assassins creed brotherhood is
a little bit like a a new season of a
great TV show assassin's creed
brotherhood starts off at exactly the
moment that assassin's creed two ended
so you know when we made assassin's
creed two we understood the at to your
story was more epic than anything we
could tell with one game and this time
around what we wanted to give the
players is the fantasy of being leader
of an assassin order
and it made sense for us to put the
player in that position and have that
extra responsibility of not only
teaching them but also recruiting them
and molding the next generation of
assassins the player will be able to
recruit new assassins trained them and
eventually send them on different types
of missions you will see many familiar
faces in assassin's creed brotherhood
lots of characters that you knew before
and assassin's creed 2 will return but
not necessarily the way you expect
now exeo is much older he's wiser and
he's about to become a leader of the
assassin order and he'll need to prove
that he truly can lead but things aren't
going to go as planned next on the
Brotherhood Diaries we're introducing a
fresh and unique a multiplayer
experience so that's the first time we
are doing that for Assassin's Creed
franchise in assassin's creed
brotherhood the player is going to get
to actually create the renaissance in
rome